the Minecraft Pocket Edition community
is a historic day because the general
point nine point 0 beta has come out yes
it's finally the beta has come out now
sadly since I do not have an Android
device I cannot get it and review it so
i can post it for you guys but since the
beta has come out the update will be out
pretty soon I was reading all the
reviews for the 09 / no beta and they
pay a lot of people have found glitches
and that's what mojang wants to find all
the glitches and bugs so that you can
make the update simply perfect now
depending on how like all glitches and
bugs they aren't really that bad it's
something that they can easily fix some
things are really weird and other things
are not really that big of an eye I and
let's say issue when it comes to playing
the game but still Mojang being the
awesome gaming company they are want to
make the game perfect in which I have no
idea I have no problem with that
personally I think the game can be
perfect if they have all these little
awesome features they added villagers
infinite worlds all this awesome stuff
when the update does come out i will do
a full review on it because that's the
yep that won't be as glitchy and they'll
probably be adding a little bit some
more a little effects into the game and
such so yeah um sorry I do not have an
Android device if I did I would
definitely record and post as much as I
possibly could on the update so yeah
anyway if you did enjoy the video please
make sure to leave a like a subscription
to the channels always welcome and as
I've said mentioned before yep they will
be out soon because the beta has come
out and I don't know when exactly but
you know it should be
in the next two to three weeks our you
know because they've been changing a lot
of stuff because a lot of glitches and
such but it will be out nonetheless so I
mean yet no need to worry so yeah if you
did enjoy the video as I mentioned
before I leave a like is it true from to
the channels welcome follow me on
Twitter and my dog is barking you can
ignore that and I guess I'll see you
guys in the next video bye guys